Nice work on completing another in-depth lesson on marketing analytics.
Now in this lesson,
we talked about the metrics that we need to be looking at daily and learned
the pirate metrics model to help us remember where to focus our attention.
We studied the customer journey and evaluated
the need to create an analytic brief to help us unlock
the questions we need to be asking and the
answers we need to be solving through the analytics process.
We learned the importance of customer segments and how we use
those segments to make our data even more actionable.
We also looked at a variety of tools to gather meaningful data in social media,
the web, search, audience, and content.
All of this information is essential to the day-to-day responsibilities of any marketer,
and you're continuing to build the skills necessary to have
the confidence to execute on your next analytics project.